docs: add shamefully hoist mention for pnpm users on example launch.json (#26447)
nuxt/nuxt: docs/2.guide/3.going-further/9.debugging.md

You may need to update the config below with a path to your web browser. For more information, visit the [VS Code documentation about debug configuration](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=830387).

::important

> Make sure you have shamefully-hoist enabled if you use pnpm to properly start your server in debug mode with below configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure you have shamefully-hoist enabled if you use pnpm to properly start your server in debug mode with below configuration.
```

> Make sure you have shamefully-hoist enabled if you use pnpm to properly start your server in debug mode with below configuration.

Reviewer 2: Wouldn't it be better to suggest adding `nuxi` to devDependencies?

Author: AH yes thats a cleaner solution. I didn't come up with that before. 
Would: 
> _Make sure you have nuxi installed as Devdependency if you use pnpm to properly start your server in debug mode with below configuration._ 

suffice?

Reviewer 2: That sounds good!

> If you use `pnpm`, you will need to have `nuxi` installed as a devDependency for the configuration below to work.

> Make sure you have shamefully-hoist enabled if you use pnpm to properly start your server in debug mode with below configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you use `pnpm`, you will need to have `nuxi` installed as a devDependency for the configuration below to work.
```
